Reaktor summer 2021 pre-assignment documentation by Daniel Kaluski

The purpose of this application is to retrieve clothing items for a madeup company and 
show those clothes (gloves, masks and beanies) on a webpage. 2 APIs are used to retrieve needed information. The first
API retrieves the clothes themselves and the second one has the information about the items availability.

The application was made using Deno 1.4.6. Trying to use the newest version doesn't work some reason.  TS2345 [ERROR] comes up
saying the error is in https://deno.land/x/postgres@v0.4.5/utils.ts:94:15 meaning the problem is most likely in the source code of Deno.

All files with Controller.js in their names are used for the rendering of different pages. Their code looks almost the same,
but they are kept separate in case some bigger changes would have been made to them individually.

The main logic for the webpage is in fetchingService.js. As we already know we fetch data for beanies, gloves and masks, we do those and save
the manufacturers for later. Fetching is pretty straight forward. After the first fetching has been done, manufacturers are fetched and inserted into 
a Map. Here is where the real error checking is done. From experimenting it was found out that sometimes the response is just a string "[]" or even undefined.
New fetching is done but only for those manufacturers that had a previous problem. In order to speed up the process, all the fetchings (not only 
in error handling) are done concurrently using Promise.all. Lastly we give each item their availability from the manufacturers API. The IDs are what
connect the two APIs. By going through all the clothes, we search their manufacturer and find the corresponding ID and get the availability.

Runnin the application locally:
1. Download Deno version 1.4.6 (other versions might not work)
2. In the command line, cd into the root of the project
3. run the application with: deno run --allow-all app.js
*4. Should some problems occur, try running with: deno run --allow-all --unstable app.js

Running the tests:
A few tests have been implemented to make make sure the main functionalities work as intended. Running the tests is possible in a few ways:
Using the command line cmd:
1. cd into the root of the project.
2. run the command: deno test --allow-all
The tests should run automatically. Should they not, add "basic_test.js" at the end.
3. Make sure to shut down the application with Ctrl + C after the test
